Small correction in caching limits. (#3733)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code.md

## Caching limits

> The maximum caching limit for Free, Pro, and Business customers is 512MB per file, and the maximum caching limit for Enterprise customers is 5GB per file. If you need to raise the limits, contact your Customer Success Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum caching limit for Free, Pro, and Business customers is 512 MB per file, and the maximum caching limit for Enterprise customers is 5 GB per file. If you need to raise the limits, contact your Customer Success Manager.
```
